it all really began and I got an
invitation from a gentleman I not met
just yet
Casper who is this Gatsby do you know
him mr. gates like to speak to you now I
know your wife not so yes I will tell
you God
not truth about myself
I am the son of some very wealthy people
sadly they're all dead now
I live in all the capitals of Europe
collecting jewels hunting big game
painting a little and came the war old
sport
every allied government gave me a
decoration major Jay Gatsby for valor
extraordinary Gatsby what Gatsby
I've just heard the most shocking thing
things certainly glad to see you again
in fact is he use
do all those parties hoping she'd wander
in one night your wife doesn't love you
I kind of around are you trying to cause
in my house my life my life has got to
be like this it's got to keep going on
here we having a party